{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9020\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs6 \cf0 PLEASE READ THIS NOTICE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
\b0 \
\
Olympic Computer Services Inc, DBA Olympic Payroll Services (referred as \'93Olympic Payroll\'94), provides the information and services on its World Wide Web site(s) (the \'93Site\'94) under the following terms and conditions.\uc0\u8232 By accessing and/or using this site you agree to be bound by all of the following terms and conditions for using this site. If you do not agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions contained herein, do NOT use or access this site or the Services. We may from time to time change the Terms of Service. By continuing to use the Service following such modifications, you agree to be bound by such modifications to the Terms of Service. We reserve the right to modify these terms and conditions at any time upon posting a revised version hereof.\

\b \
Copyright Notice.
\b0  This Site, including all text, images, software and other content contained herein, and the compilation and arrangement thereof, is owned exclusively by Olympic Payroll and/or our suppliers and is protected by copyright, trademark and other laws. All rights reserved. All trademarks appearing on this Site are the property of their respective owners. You may not use any such trademarks for any purpose whatsoever without the express prior written permission of the owner.\

\b \
Use of Site; Restrictions.
\b0  You may view and print material displayed on this Site subject to the following conditions: (a) the materials may be used solely for your own, personal information and not for commercial use; and (b) you must retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices affixed to or contained in the original materials on any copies thereof. You may not reproduce, frame, distribute, transmit, modify, alter, reverse engineer or prepare derivative works from this Site or any portion hereof. Use of spiders, robots and similar data gathering and extraction tools is expressly prohibited. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppels or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of ours, our suppliers or any third party. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.\

\b \
No Rendering of Advice.
\b0  The information contained in or made available through this Site is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as rendering financial, tax, accounting, auditing, legal, consulting, investment or other professional advice of any kind. Your use of this Site does not give rise to a client, advisory, fiduciary or professional services relationship. You should consult with a professional advisor familiar with your particular situation before making any decision.\

\b \
Accuracy of Information.
\b0  While we use reasonable efforts to furnish accurate and up-to- date information, we do not warrant that any information contained in or made available through this Site is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. We assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this Site or such other materials or communications.\

\b \
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitations of Liability. THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND AS TO THE OPERATION OR AVAILABILITY OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE, OR THAT THE SITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.\
\
NEITHER WE NOR OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, DATA OR USE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
\b0 \

\b \
Links to Third Party Websites.
\b0  For your convenience, this Site may provide hyperlinks to websites and servers maintained by third parties. We do not control, evaluate, endorse or guarantee content found in such sites. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services and content of these sites or the parties that operate them. Your use of such sites is entirely at your own risk.\

\b \
Termination or Suspension of Access.
\b0  We reserve the right to terminate, suspend or otherwise restrict your access to this Site, or any portion hereof, at any time for any reason whatsoever including, but not limited to, your violation of these terms and conditions or any inappropriate or unlawful behavior on your part. We shall not be liable to you or any third party for any such termination, suspension or restriction.\

\b \
Applicable Laws.
\b0  This Site is maintained from within the State of New Jersey, USA. We make no representation that this Site or any content on or accessed through this Site is appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions. You are responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations, as applicable. Use of this Site and any dispute arising there from shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, USA, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.\

\b \
Modifications.
\b0  We reserve the right to modify, suspend or discontinue this Site or any portion hereof at any time with or without notice. We shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance.\

\b \
Miscellaneous.
\b0  If there is a determination that any provision of these terms and conditions is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, that determination will not affect the rest of these terms and conditions, and these terms and conditions shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to make them valid and enforceable. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these terms and conditions are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Our suppliers shall be deemed third party beneficiaries under these terms and conditions for purposes of enforcing their rights in their respective intellectual property.\

\i \
Last Updated:
\i0  05/19/2014\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0 \
Copyright \'a9 2014 All Rights Reserved.\uc0\u8232 Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the User Agreement and Privacy Policy.}